what's up guys welcome back to me
watching some wrestling you watching me
i'm watching wrestling a teen tween e
you already know what it is like
commentary live reaction right here we
got some Stardust vs. Kofi Kingston from
a new daddy cuz that's how you gotta say
it that's how I'm gonna say at least
here we go the beatdown continued start
us using the ropes have been using all
his momentum and strength on the chest
of Kofi Kingston between the ropes reps
trying to break them up startups okays
in another dimension right now another
galaxy the Milky Way though about that
life Coffee Kingston crawling away into
the corner fighting back delivering some
blows to mid section another back at him
up all go for another slip smell gets
caught up elbow delivered to the chin as
he delivers funcle' facelock to Kofi
Kingston trying to break free Goldust
looking on trying to make his way to his
feet we got new dead Big E and Xavier
woods trying to cheer on Kofi Kingston
you just get sent down to a mat slam
stars are about to be falling right now
get a little curtsy curtsy spinaroonie
oh god this takedown from them that I
don't think I've ever seen that it was
beautiful author of startups running
face-first into a big boot by Kofi
Kingston getting ready there we go some
chops to the chest going with the
Dropkick nails it off the ropes Oh
dropping him I'm ready I'm ready
whenever you are coffee kingston off the
ropes about to drop a boom and he does
chops the boom
could be over trouble in paradise
trouble in the galaxy trouble in the
Milky Way Gary comes into the corner
running knees connects on the ring apron
go and climb it up high about to get his
frequent flyer miles out with the Frog /
123 Kofi Kingston the new day has
arrived and they have one great match
you guys like follow me on Facebook
Twitter Instagram subscribe to my
youtube channel enjoy commissaries
london everyone friday night smackdown
thanks for watching